README.md, before:

# Rain's Rust CLI recommendations

This book covers [Rain's](https://github.com/sunshowers) opinions about how to organize and manage Rust CLI applications.

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be
interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

## Locations

This book is hosted online at [https://rust-cli-recommendations.sunshowers.io](https://rust-cli-recommendations.sunshowers.io). The sources are hosted [on GitHub](https://github.com/sunshowers-code/rust-cli-recommendations). The book is available offline by installing `git` and running the following command while online.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/sunshowers-code/rust-cli-recommendations/ --branch gh-pages
```

then pointing your web browser to `rust-cli-recommendations/index.html`.


Issues containing recommendations and PRs are welcome! However, I get to make the final call: if your opinions diverge from mine, you're welcome to fork this project.

## License

This work, other than inline code snippets, are licensed under [CC BY 4.0]. This means that you are welcome to share or adapt this material as long as you give appropriate credit.

Code snippets included in this book are licensed under [CC0 1.0]. The author(s) have waived all of their rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, to the extent allowed by law.

[CC BY 4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[CC0 1.0]: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

Commit message:

replace RFC 2119 with gentler meanings

README.md, after:

# Rain's Rust CLI recommendations

This living document covers [Rain's](https://github.com/sunshowers) opinions about how to organize and manage Rust CLI applications.

## Key words

The key words *must*, *must not*, *required*, *should*, *should not*,
*recommended*, *may*, and *optional*, derive their meanings from
[RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119), but have
somewhat different connotations because this is a list of recommendations
and not a standard.
* *must*, *must not* and *required* mean that an application that doesn't follow this recommendation is *incorrect* and has a bug that needs to be fixed.
* *should*, *should not* and *recommended* mean that most applications should follow this recommendation, but there are valid reasons not to.
* *may* and *optional* mean that programs are free to follow this recommendation or ignore it; there are valid reasons in either direction.

## Locations

This book is hosted online at [https://rust-cli-recommendations.sunshowers.io](https://rust-cli-recommendations.sunshowers.io). The sources are hosted [on GitHub](https://github.com/sunshowers-code/rust-cli-recommendations). The book is available offline by installing `git` and running the following command while online.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/sunshowers-code/rust-cli-recommendations/ --branch gh-pages
```

then pointing your web browser to `rust-cli-recommendations/index.html`.


Issues containing recommendations and PRs are welcome! However, I get to make the final call: if your opinions diverge from mine, you're welcome to fork this project.

## License

This work, other than inline code snippets, are licensed under [CC BY 4.0]. This means that you are welcome to share or adapt this material as long as you give appropriate credit.

Code snippets included in this book are licensed under [CC0 1.0]. The author(s) have waived all of their rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, to the extent allowed by law.

[CC BY 4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[CC0 1.0]: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
