src/hierarchical-config.md, before:

# Hierarchical configuration

**Applications *should* follow a hierarchical configuration structure.** Use the following order, from highest priority to lowest.
1. Command-line arguments
2. Environment variables
3. Directory or repository-scoped configuration
4. User-scoped configuration
5. System-wide configuration
6. Default configuration shipped with the program.

There are some exceptions. For example, color support *should* follow the rules listed in the [Colors](./colors.md) section.

**Configurations *should* be merged rather than completely overwritten.** Consider the following configuration files.

```toml
# $HOME/.config/myapp.toml -- user-scoped config
limit = 42

[encoding]
input = "utf16"
output = "utf32"
```

```toml
# <repository>/.config/myapp.toml -- repository-scoped config
limit = 84

[encoding]
input = "utf8"
```

The *merged* configuration is:

```toml
[myapp]
limit = 84

[myapp.encoding]
input = "utf8"
output = "utf32"
```

Exactly how deep merges should go is application-specific: it is hard to give general guidance here.

## Rust libraries for managing configuration

There are two main Rust libraries for managing hierarchical configuration:

* [config](https://crates.io/crates/config). I've used this and it seems to work well.
* [figment](https://crates.io/crates/figment). This seems quite nice as well, though I haven't used it.

Commit message:

fix notes on hierarchical config

src/hierarchical-config.md, after:

# Hierarchical configuration

**Applications *should* follow a hierarchical configuration structure.** Use the following order, from highest priority to lowest.
1. Command-line arguments
2. Environment variables
3. Directory or repository-scoped configuration
4. User-scoped configuration
5. System-wide configuration
6. Default configuration shipped with the program.

There are some exceptions. For example, color support *should* follow the rules listed in the [Colors](./colors.md) section.

**Configurations *may* be merged rather than completely overwritten.** Consider the following configuration files.

```toml
# $HOME/.config/myapp.toml -- user-scoped config
limit = 42

[encoding]
input = "utf16"
output = "utf32"
```

```toml
# <repository>/.config/myapp.toml -- repository-scoped config
limit = 84

[encoding]
input = "utf8"
```

One way to merge configurations is to combine them, as follows:

```toml
[myapp]
limit = 84

[myapp.encoding]
input = "utf8"
output = "utf32"
```

Exactly how deep merges should go is application-specific.

## Rust libraries for managing configuration

There are two main Rust libraries for managing hierarchical configuration:

* [config](https://crates.io/crates/config). I've used this and it seems to work well.
* [figment](https://crates.io/crates/figment). This seems quite nice as well, though I haven't used it.

> TODO: example using config with serde.
